docs: add docs for `compareMediaQueries` in `createDOMRenderer` (#353)
microsoft/griffel: packages/react/README.md

}
```

### compareMediaQueries

A function with the same signature as sort functions in e.g. `Array.prototype.sort` for dynamically sorting media queries. Maps over an array of media query strings.

Griffel does not provide an opinionated default to sort media queries as the order may vary depending on the specific needs of the application.

```js
import { createDOMRenderer } from '@griffel/react';

const mediaQueryOrder = [
  'only screen and (min-width: 1366px)',
  'only screen and (min-width: 1366px)',
  'only screen and (min-width: 1920px)',
];

function sortMediaQueries(a, b) {
  return mediaQueryOrder.indexOf(a) - mediaQueryOrder.indexOf(b);
}

const renderer = createDOMRenderer(document, {
  compareMediaQueries,
});
```

```html
<html>
  <head>
    <style media="only screen and (min-width: 1024px)" data-make-styles-bucket="m"></style>
    <style media="only screen and (min-width: 1366px)" data-make-styles-bucket="m"></style>
    <style media="only screen and (min-width: 1920px)" data-make-styles-bucket="m"></style>
  </head>
</html>
```

> For mobile-first methodology, you can consider to use [`sort-css-media-queries`](https://github.com/dutchenkoOleg/sort-css-media-queries):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For mobile-first methodology, you can consider using [`sort-css-media-queries`](https://github.com/dutchenkoOleg/sort-css-media-queries):
```
